Mexican soccer team had its
first training here on the court
Center facilities
training or king peeled and it was here
where oribe peralta indicated that brazil
is right to worry because Mexico and
the Brazilian set share styles
as stated by dani alves and also
also the truth that both like
have the ball like strong but
offensive and also the press it
then I think it will be a party
very showy we know how to play
We Brazil know that by taking away the
ball we can hurt you means
that we are very convinced and very
confident of what we have and what
we come to find we are ready
the good always comes out we are very
stuffed and very convinced of what
we come to look for the note we do not
we worry about us because we're going
be fine and be involved in what
which represents this and for us it is
a very big opportunity and we have to
take advantage of it we have to leave
outside or sideways the problems
extracancha the change
about the high temperature that was left
feel during tricolor training
Oribe Peralta ruled out that this is going to
be factor during workouts and
the matches from saints brazil with
images of luís contreras juan manuel
terán online with mediotiempo.com